(Ready) Hanson/rechart docs update (#752)
reflex-dev/reflex-web: docs/library/graphing/errorbar.md

    - rx.recharts.ErrorBar
---

```python exec
import reflex as rx
```

# Error Bar

> An error bar is a graphical representation of the uncertainty or variability of a data point in a chart, depicted as a line extending from the data point parallel to one of the axes. The `dataKey`, `width`, `strokeWidth`, `stroke`, and `direction` props can be used to customize the appearance and behavior of the error bars, specifying the data source, dimensions, color, and orientation of the error bars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error bar is a graphical representation of the uncertainty or variability of a data point in a chart, depicted as a line extending from the data point parallel to one of the axes. The `data_key`, `width`, `stroke_width`, `stroke`, and `direction` props can be used to customize the appearance and behavior of the error bars, specifying the data source, dimensions, color, and orientation of the error bars.
```
